{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20060\viewh12600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 About AccessBraille
\b0\fs36 \
\
Access Braille is a braille accessibility framework for iPad that creates an interface to type in braille on top of an application. The project focuses on providing a more efficient and accessible method of typing on an iOS device than the current defaults provided by Apple. We hope to inevitably facilitate device use for the visually impaired and blind.\
\
Access Braille is also a learning tool for young children who have not learned the braille system. It's designed around simple word-based games that require users to type in Grade 1 braille with the Access Braille keyboard framework.\
\

\b\fs72 Developers
\b0\fs36 \
\
The current active developers of this project are Michael Timbrook and Piper Chester. They are both undergraduate software engineering students at the Rochester Institute of Technology. The project is being led by Dr. Stephanie Ludi.\
\

\b\fs72 External Frameworks
\fs36 \

\b0 \
For iOS 6 users the developers have implemented Politepix's text-to-speech framework, OpenEars. The iOS 7 build implements Apple's AVSpeechSynthesizer.\
\

\b\fs72 Future Plans
\b0\fs36 \
\
The funding for this project will end in 2013, but the developers hope the project will continue to be developed within the open source community.}