{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1240
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20060\viewh12600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 About AccessBraille
\b0\fs24 \
\

\fs28 Access Braille is a braille accessibility framework for iPad that creates an interface to type in braille on top of an application. The project focuses on providing a more efficient and accessible method of typing on an iOS device than the current defaults provided by Apple. We hope to inevitably facilitate device use for the visually impaired and blind.\
\
Access Braille is also a learning tool for young children who have not learned the braille system. It's designed around simple word-based games that require users to type in grade 1 braille with the Access Braille keyboard framework.
\fs24 \
\

\b\fs72 Developers
\b0\fs24 \
\

\fs28 The current active developers of this project are Michael Timbrook and Piper Chester, both undergraduate software engineering students at RIT. The project is being led by Dr. Stephanie Ludi.\

\fs24 \

\b\fs72 External Frameworks\

\b0\fs24 \

\fs28 We're currently using the text to speech framework OpenEars by Politepix in iOS 6. our internal iOS 7 build use the the AVSpeechSynthesizer that comes with the new release.\

\fs24 \

\b\fs72 Future Plans
\b0 \

\fs24 \

\fs28 We hope to implement the grade 2 braille system as well as 8 dot math. We also want to fully develop a text-based adventure for users. This will supplement the flash card mode that currently exists. The funding for this project will end by late August '13, but hopefully will continue to be developed.}